Mention that ER references are to-one cardinality only (#101)
SAP/csn-interop-specification: spec/v1/annotations/entity-relationship.outro.md

If an array is given, all of the reference targets MUST be valid places where the ID can be resolved, at least in a certain implementation or version of the target entity.
This also allows for references to polymorphic targets that share the same Property Type as an ID (e.g. a reference to either Cat or Dog, sharing the same Pet ID).

> > 🚧 Consideration: Provide optional attribute to state that a reference has a "composition" quality, in case that the API Model itself doesn't imply that already.

Reviewer: we discussed in the workstream that compositions don't make sense, compositions have the transactional integrity topic attached. Therefore, they should be included in the service boundaries.

> > Since CSN Interop does not support arrays of primitive types, which hold the reference ID, it is only possible to declare "to one" cardinality relationships. If you need "to many" references, they need to be moved out to its own entity, which is then locally referenced via a `cds.Association` or `cds.Composition` of "to many" cardinality.

Author: For composite relations it would actually make it nicer, if you combine the composite relation properties into one entity, and then use a cds.Composition to many.

> > Since CSN Interop does not support arrays of primitive types, which hold the reference ID, it is only possible to declare "to one" cardinality relationships. If you need "to many" references, they need to be moved out to its own entity, which is then locally referenced via a `cds.Association` or `cds.Composition` of "to many" cardinality.

Reviewer: Ok, it is a limitation on CSN Interop and cds.Composition, but why do we talk about this in the @ER annotation?

> > Since CSN Interop does not support arrays of primitive types, which hold the reference ID, it is only possible to declare "to one" cardinality relationships. If you need "to many" references, they need to be moved out to its own entity, which is then locally referenced via a `cds.Association` or `cds.Composition` of "to many" cardinality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Modelling consideration: References must always point to one reference ID (see out of scope section). As the annotation is about declaring references, outside the boundaries of the service CSN model,  `cds.Association` or `cds.Composition` cannot be used. Since CSN Interop does not support arrays of primitive types, to hold the IDs for references, it is only possible to declare "to one" cardinality relationships. If you model "to many" references, they need to be moved out to its own entity, which can be modeled as a `cds.Composition` of "to many" cardinality.
```
